Jsonnet: add assertion to ensure ingester ScaledObject has min and max replicas set to a value greater than 0 (#11979)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Add `query_frontend_only_args` option to specify CLI flags that apply only to query-frontends but not ruler-query-frontends. #11799
* [ENHANCEMENT] Make querier scale up (`$_config.autoscaling_querier_scaleup_percent_cap`) and scale down rates (`$_config.autoscaling_querier_scaledown_percent_cap`) configurable. #11862
* [ENHANCEMENT] Set resource requests and limits for the Memcached Prometheus exporter. #11933 #11946

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add assertion to ensure ingester ScaledObject has min and max replicas set to a value greater than 0. #11979

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add assertion to ensure ingester ScaledObject has minimum and maximum replicas set to a value greater than 0. #11979
```
